.. Peach documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Mon Sep 14 16:24:54 2009.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Peach's documentation!
=================================

Welcome to Peach. Peach is a pure Python module for computational intelligence,
including, but not limited to, neural networks, fuzzy logic, genetic algorithms,
stochastic optimization, nonlinear optimization, simulated annealing, particle
swarm optimization and other techniques. The main goal of this project is to
build a pure Python module that can be easily understood and improved. Although
it is not the primary concern, care was taken to make the code as efficient as
possible. But be aware that there might be some optimizations that could be
done, so if you find that a piece of code is running to slow, let us know (if
you have a solution, this is even better).

The other main goal of the project is to allow people to study and understand
the code. The development began with the most basic techniques in the listed
topics, so that a person who is starting his studies in the field can see and --
hopefully -- understand the code. Some very basic scripts with the aims of
serving as tutorials are included with the code. Some more elaborated programs
are also included, so the full power of the module can be appreciated.

Please, read this documentation. Although not complete, by reading it, you will
be able to understand how to use the classes and functions. There are tutorials,
demos and a complete documentation of the API. If, however, you find something
that is not (or poorly) documented, feel free to write us a message suggesting
how to improve it. For those who are starting now, it is recomended that your
study begins with the tutorials in the tutorial folder. This folder is divided
in subfolders, each one dedicated to one of the techniques implemented in Peach.
Feel free to modify them at your taste.

If you build a demo program that you think is worth being used as a tutorial,
please, write us and send the source. We will be delighted to see what you have
done with Peach.

This module is published under the LGPL license, please see the
:download:`COPYING` file. We apologize in advance for any bug that this module
might have, and if you can describe us what happened and how to reproduce the
error, we will do our best to fix it. Also, any suggestions are more than
welcome.


Contents:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   install.rst
   tutorial/tutorial.rst
   demos/demos.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   api/index.rst


Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

